{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 In SourceTree:\
\
Dictionary:\
\
Repository: the collection of code shared by everybody\
Commit: A set of changes to the existing code, albeit adding, modifying, or deleting files\
Branch: A sort of pseudo repository that lets you mess with the code without affecting the main branch. This is used for experimenting or creating much larger changes, and are optional. Preferred if you\'92re unsure of your desired changes and don\'92t want to destroy what already works.\
\
To add changes to the repository:\
\
1: Do da work!\
2: Drag the files you want to add to the repository from unstaged to staged.\
3: Press \'93commit\'94\
4: Write a simple, but informative description on what your changes did to the program. If you can, mention any known bugs discovered or brought upon by these changes.\
5: Your changes are now logged onto your computer and your computer alone.\
6: To pass the changes to the main repository, simply click \'93push\'94 and push to the branch you want. More on branches later.\
\
To use multiple branches:\
\
1: Right-click \'93Branches\'94 on the side and create a new branch.\
2: Name the branch based off of what you plan to do with it (eg: NewCombat) and pull it from the master.\
3: Do da work!\
4: When you push, push it to a new remote branch of the same name. This will let everyone else reference your code for testing/comments/etc.\
5: When you want this branch to become the main code, click on Merge Branch.\
6: Merge your new folder into the master. Be careful not to do it the other way around.\
\
Merge Conflicts:\
\
This happens when two people work on the same code and both try to add it. SourceTree will notify there\'92s a merge error, and will literally mess with the file in question. This will show you exactly where the merge conflicts are, and which parties made these changes. If this happens, go into the files highlighted by SourceTree, figure out a means of compromise between the two files (may have to communicate with the other guy, but that\'92s a rare case), and then commit and push your update.\
\
For more information:\
\
Go into SourceTree, click \'93help\'94 on the menu, and go into SourceTree help. There should be a documentation that will help guide you through the inner workings.}